# 2.x Change Log

### v2.21.x-beta
 
 * Add optional key prameter for `$auth.check(data, key)`.
 * Add localhost check for cookies (IE Fix).
 * Add frisbee driver.
 * Fix bug with object compare for roles vars.
 * Allow `params` attribute for oauth 2 url parameters (with full backwards compatibility).
 * Fix proper promise return for Axios driver.

### v2.20.x-beta

 * Updated / consolidated documentation.
 * Restore auto refresh interval.
 * Add support for promises.

### v2.19.x-beta

 * Update to handle failed token redirects internally (rather than requiring additional interceptors).

### v2.18.x-beta
 
 * Fix compile issue when using `function` shorthand.
 * Update 2.x demo to include 401 redirect.
 * Add ability to set `response_type` for oauth2.
 * Add ability to set callback function using `$auth.ready(callback)`.
 * Restore enable/disable other as `disableImpersonate` and `enableImpersonate`.

### v2.17.x-beta

* Change "other" to "impersonate" keyword (and all accompanying functions).
* Add `ignoreVueAuth` field that can be set on requests to prevent setting headers or tokens on requests.
* Add `impersonating` field that can be set to `false` to run that request with "default" token (not impersonating).

### v2.16.x-beta

* Removed `_invalidToken` check on `http` drivers. The method still exists but is empty.
* Token names can be fully set, no behind the scenes pre-pending.
* Fixed running demos
* Updated docs.

### v2.15.x-beta

* Update so that tokens can be fully named in options. Without additional appended parameters.
* Add `tokenStore` array for setting storage preferences `(['localStorage', 'cookie'])`.
* Fix removing `rememberMe` cookie on logout.
* Fix register redirect to completely ignore login redirect.

### v2.14.x-beta

* Update demos to standalone installs.
* Separate docs.
* Add Vue.auth object (with no context, for use in interceptors).

### v2.13.x-beta

* Fix to check if error contains response in Axios driver.
* Fix for redirect being ignored when using autoLogin on register.
* Add ability to manually set tokens (for static/dynamic pages).

### v2.12.x-beta

* Fix invalidToken logout call for Axios driver (to match vue-resource driver update).

### v2.11.x-beta

* Fix Axios driver error response intercept.
* Update so support fall back for token to be stored in cookie if `localStorage` is not supported. Note that the cookie is used as a dud and not meant to be used by server or back-end as part of authentication scheme.
* Update token name to underscores `auth_token` instead of `auth-token`.
* Fix issue with invalid token on refresh not firing off `_invalidToken` token call.

### v2.10.x-beta

* Update devise auth to support latest (backward compatible).
* Fix issues with refresh not authenticating when globally setting `fetchData.enabled` to `false`.

### v2.9.x-beta

* Fix using `loginData.fetchUser` to still authenticate without user.
* Fix refresh / user fetch on app reload (browser refresh). It will now run sequentially in case the token is expired forcing a refresh first.
* Add refresh `refreshData.interval` property for automatic refresh fetches. Default to 30s. Set to 0 for none.

### v2.8.x-beta

* Fix for `loginData.fetchUser` when set to `false`.
* Removed `transition` method, replaced with `redirect`.
* Added `redirect` method for easy access to check for redirects from auth.

### v2.7.x-beta

* Added  axios driver.
* Addded `parseOauthState` option.

### v2.6.x-beta

* Add check for missing token when authenticated (should auto logout).
* Add enabled option for `fetchData` useful in case we need a preset before auth. For instance when fetching properties from server.

### v2.5.x-beta

* Update default Webpack setup to use Vue 2.x.

### v2.4.x-beta

* Add transition tracking (useful for url redirects on login).

### v2.3.x-beta

* Fix for checking that a user is authenticated when checking invalid token function (401).
* Fix for 401 auth auto redirect when invalid token.
* An option for `refreshData.enabled` has been added to disable refresh.
* Updated docs.
* Updated 2.x demo to use latest Vue version.

### v2.2.x-beta

Vue has been in such a volatile state, especially between versions and 1 and 2. There have been many breaking changes as well as [removing vue-resource as the officially recommended package](https://medium.com/the-vue-point/retiring-vue-resource-871a82880af4) for Vue.

Because of all these changes and potential breaking changes the package has been changed to a much more driver centric model for "router", "resource" and "authentication" . Due to the nature of Vue and the current eco-system with Webpack, to avoid bloat **this means the drivers will need to be passed in manually**. Check the install section for more info.

We will see some ugly `require` code when including the plugin. But as a trade off it will reduce bloat and allow the plugin to much better support different versions of Vue as well as different "router", "resource" and "authentication" modules.

**To ease confusion for this driver centric model the plugin has been bumped to a 2.x version. This will also keep it in line with the current Vue 2.x version.**

* Stability for extend functionality.
* Driver centric model for "router", "resource" and "authentication".
* The options for `router`, `http` and `auth` must be set now and will not auto bind (this is because webpack would pre load all drivers with dynamic variable).
* Added `loginData.fetchUser` option to allow disabling of user fetch on login (which will also be disabled on refreshes).
* Make "authorization" header case insensitive for bearer and basic auth.
* Bearer auth "bearer" text is now case insensitive and will accept with and without colon after "bearer" text.