# Upgrade Guide

## 2.x to 3.x

For the most part the plugin should be fully backwards compatible with a few exceptions.

There are a handful of breaking changes which are outlined below. The rest are addons and internal updates.

Upgrade time: 10 to 15 minutes.


### No more success/error callbacks.

These have been completely removed and now return a Promise.

This applies to:

* `$auth.load()`
* `$auth.login()`
* `$auth.register()`
* `$auth.fetch()`
* `$auth.refresh()`
* `$auth.logout()`
* `$auth.impersonate()`
* `$auth.unimpersonate()`
* `$auth.oauth2()`

NOTE: Requests will now correctly chain in situations such as with a login and subsequent fetch request.

Instead of:

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        body: body,
        rememberMe: true,
        success() => {},
        error() => {}
    });
```

Use `then`:

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        body: data,
        rememberMe: true,
    })
    .then(() => {
        // success
    }, () => {
        // error
    });
```


### The `$auth.ready()` function no longer accepts a callback.

The ready function now simply returns true/false.

Use `$auth.load()` instead for this which returns a Promise.

NOTE: The `$auth.load().then()` can be called multiple times.

Instead of:

```
this.$auth
    .ready(() => {
        // do some stuff
    });
```

Use `load` and `then`:

```
this.$auth
    .load()
    .then(() => {
        // do some stuff
    });
```


### New `$auth.load()` function.

This replaces the `$auth.ready()` callback.

NOTE: that these can be used multiple times.

```
this.$auth
    .load()
    .then(() => {
        // Do something.
    });

this.$auth
    .load()
    .then(() => {
        // Do something again
    });
```


### The "remember me" functionality has changed.

This has been modified to add more granularity for what "remember me" may actually mean to the app.

1. The `rememberMe` flag has been renamed to `remember`.
2. The new `remember` flag has been repurposed to accept a `String` value for the purpose of storing some basic info like a users name for subsequent logins.
3. Use `staySignedIn` to retain usage of the old 'rememberMe' flag.

Instead of:

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        rememberMe: true
    });
```

Use `staySignedIn` instead:

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        staySignedIn: true
    });
```

Use `remember` for data:

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        staySignedIn: true,
        remember: JSON.stringify({name: 'Rob'})
    });
```


### New "staySignedIn" flag has been added to login.

This is also now part of the `loginData` default options and defaults to a `false` value.

NOTE: Check above for more notes on this.

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        staySignedIn: true
    });
```


### New `$auth.remember()` function.

This will return the data stored in the `remember` cookie when using `remember` flag on login.

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        staySignedIn: true,
        remember: JSON.stringify({name: 'Rob'})
    });

var name = JSON.parse(this.$auth.remember() || '{}').name;
var msg  = name ? 'Welcome back,' + name : '';
```

Or just keep it simple.

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        staySignedIn: true,
        remember: 'Rob'
    });

var name = this.$auth.remember();
var msg  = name ? 'Welcome back, ' + name : '';
```


### New `$auth.unremember()` function.

This will clear out the `remember` cookie data.

```
this.$auth.unremember();
```


## The `sessionStorage` option for `tokenStore` has been removed.

This has been removed and merged with `localStorage` to simplify things.

NOTE: Please read notes below for more details.


## The `localStorage` option for `tokenStore` has been renamed to `storage`.

This has been merged with `sessionStorage` into one simplified `storage` option.

This will automatically work with `staySignedIn` to set the appropriate expiration when storing the token.

With `staySignedIn` set to `true` it would use `localStorage` automatically while a `false` value, it will use `sessionStorage`.

With the cookie storage we can expect same behaviour as before with cookies being set and expired accordingly.


### Calling `$auth.login()` will attempt to set user if `fetchUser` is disabled.

If the user data is already returned on a successful login the user can be loaded right away withouth doing a fetch.

NOTE: This will use same parser as with the `fetch` call.

```
this.$auth
    .login({
        fetchUser: false
    })
    .then(() {
        // Do something.
    });
```


### No more underscore prefix on driver functions.

This applies to `http` and `router` drivers.

This was quite unnecessary so have removed it.


### Update to ES6 imports.

The source files now use ES6 import / export syntax.


### Internal function renaming.

Lots of functions have been renamed to follow a more consistent naming pattern.


### Lib clean up.

The libraries here have been cleand up to be a much more consistent naming scheme.


### Removed internal function exposing.

A lot of internal functions were exposed via the `options`. This was intended to allow overriding various parts of the plugin.

This has been removed to keep things simpler.